{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green41\blue49;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20784\c21569\c25098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Debugging the issue you're facing with your NestJS Fastify app running in a serverless environment\'97specifically, the unexpected behaviors like query execution stopping abruptly and incorrect API responses\'97requires a multi-faceted approach, especially given the complexity introduced by lazy-loading modules. Below are some steps and considerations that can help us debug the issue:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 1.\'a0Verify Lazy Loading Configuration\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ensure that the implementation of lazy-loading modules is correctly configured according to NestJS documentation. Review the route declarations and ensure that they properly trigger lazy loading as expected.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Check if the modules intended for lazy loading depend on other modules that are not being loaded correctly or on time. Dependency issues could cause the kind of errors you're experiencing.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 2.\'a0Monitor the Application Lifecycle\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Utilize\'a0
\fs28 Logger
\fs32 \'a0instances throughout your application, especially around lazy-loaded modules and their initialization processes. It will help you trace the lifecycle of these modules to see if or when they stop unexpectedly.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Look into implementing custom lifecycle hooks (if not already in place) to catch when certain modules are being loaded to identify if the stopping point is consistent with any specific part of the app.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 3.\'a0Review Serverless Deployment Configurations\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Since you're running this on a serverless platform, review the memory and timeout configurations for your function. Insufficient resources or aggressive timeouts might be interrupting your application.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Examine the cold start behavior and whether the issue correlates with the initial load of your application or only subsequent requests.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 4.\'a0Analyze Error Handling and Logging\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Check whether the application's global error handling might be inadvertently catching and misinterpreting errors, leading to incorrect API responses.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ensure that all potential points of failure in your query execution paths have sufficient logging to catch and output errors that might otherwise go unnoticed.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 5.\'a0Test Modules Independently\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If feasible, isolate and test the modules or services that are being lazy-loaded independently from the rest. This could help identify if the issue lies within the module's internal logic or its interaction with other parts of the application.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Consider temporarily disabling lazy-loading for some modules to see if the issue persists, which could help narrow down whether lazy loading is directly involved in these errors.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 6.\'a0Evaluate Cloud Provider Limitations or Issues\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Investigate whether there are known issues or limitations with your serverless provider that could be affecting the behavior of your NestJS application, especially in terms of outbound requests, database connections, or event handling.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 7.\'a0Inspect Network and API Communication\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Double-check the configuration of any external API calls or database queries to ensure they are not timing out or being blocked. Network issues could cause incomplete or incorrect responses.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Given the multifaceted nature of the problem, tackling it systematically by isolating variables and incrementally testing changes will be key. If possible, implementing more granular logging and monitoring could provide insights into when and why these issues occur.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you have specific error logs, configuration files, or segments of code that you believe are related to the issue or you'd like reviewed, please share them. Additionally, if there's a particular area you suspect might be the cause or want to delve deeper into based on the guidelines above, let me know so we can focus our analysis there.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 User\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Great now what I would like you to do is review these very extensive logs that I have from the last time I invoked function against my nest JS classify Service application. I would like you to review them in detail, specifically I would like you to look out for anomalies, one anomaly I found was that there was mention of a specific middleware function that may be causing problems, but much of it was indecipherable to me. After review I would like you to give me a very thorough Analysis of the most probable causes for these issues and a concise but operational plan for how we will fix them.\cb1 \
}